Add Security Policy document (#8823)
jekyll/jekyll: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

Security updates are applied to the latest MINOR version of Jekyll, and the version used by GitHub Pages, v3.9.x.

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 4.2.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 3.9.x   | :white_check_mark: |

> | < 3.8.x | :x:                |

Reviewer: Clarify that versions older than `3.9.x` are out-of-scope.
```suggestion
| < 3.9.x | :x:                |
```

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please report vulnerabilities by sending an email to security@jekyllrb.com with the following information:

1. A description of the vulnerability

> 1. Reproduction steps and/or a sample site (share a private repo to the Jekyll Core Team and @parkr)

Reviewer: List-item no. out-of-order (not important, but still..)

```suggestion
1. Reproduction steps and/or a sample site (share a private repo to the Jekyll Security Team)
```

Author: We should enumerate the members here (since repo sharing is on a per-GitHub-user basis) or enumerate the members elsewhere.

2. Your contact information

> The Jekyll security team will respond to your submission and notify you whether it has been confirmed by the team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jekyll security team will respond to your submission and notify you whether it has been validated by the team. 
```

> Your confidentiality is kindly requested as we work on a fix. We will provide our patch to you to test and verify that the vulnerability has been closed.

Reviewer: What if the researcher provides a patch attached with the submission? How will the security team respond? How will they test?

> > How will they test?

*We could have a dedicated private repo for this, wired to GH Actions CI (chargeable beyond free minutes per month). The workflow clones given repository and the release tag / `*-stable` branch as needed..*

Reviewer 2: For reference, GitHub offers a private fork and the ability to issue cve. But it doesn't do actions.

> Once a fix is verified, we will release PATCH versions of the supported MINOR versions and assign a CVE to the vulnerability. You will receive credit in our release post.

Reviewer: Perhaps some bounty (w.r.t exploit severity) in addition to credit will incentivize the security-bug-hunt..?

Author: I'm not sure we have funds to guarantee a bounty (and paying becomes a bit more complicated), so the best thing I think we can consistently offer at this stage is The Glory of Being on Our Website In Perpetuity.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I don't think the consistently have the funds to do this and I'd hate to be like "you get money! (until the money runs out)". I like the idea though.

> Once the patched version has been released, we will no longer request confidentiality and welcome you sharing with the community how you found the vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the patched version has been released, we will no longer request you to maintain confidentiality and you may choose to share details on how you found the vulnerability, with the community.
```
